Speeding up Fermi GBM data parsing for TimeSeries (#5943)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/5943.bugfix.1.rst

> Speed up parsing Fermi/GBM files when binning the count data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the unintentionally slow parsing of Fermi/GBM files (`~sunpy.timeseries.sources.GBMSummaryTimeSeries`).
```
